---
date: '2006-04-24 13:35:47'
layout: post
slug: its-fab
status: publish
title: Its FAB
wordpress_id: '11'
tags:
- Randomness
---

Hey again,

I got chatting with James B last weekend about setting up a forum community for Christian young people. I had the server, he had the idea - and in under and hour we had [www.fab.onewebstudios.com](http://fab.onewebstudios.com) up and running! Its FAB - Fellowship Across Bounderies!
The forum isn't just for born-again-christians, its for anyone who wants to discuss Christ and everything to do with Christianity. We discuss odd/interesting bible extracts, discuss issues we're facing in our personal lives, and review he latest music (such as the brand new Hillsong United We Stand - if you haven't heard it, you're missing out)!

Here's is our draft mission statement:



	
  * We believe in God.  Pure, real, original God.  God of the Heavens, God of the Earth.  God of Everything.



	
  * We believe He is everything, was everything, and will be everything.



	
  * We believe in His being Father, Son and Spirit.



	
  * We believe He sent His Son to die as a man - for the sin of man.



	
  * We believe His Son - Jesus Christ - not only died, but rose again on the third day to reconcile us to God.



	
  * We believe his purposes, promises, principles are eternal.



	
  * We believe God moved and does move amongst His people - even today.



	
  * We believe that Salvation through Jesus Christ is for everyone.



	
  * We believe God's Spirit bears witness in the hearts of every true believer in God to the standards of God.



	
  * We believe Jesus Christ ascended to Heaven and is coming back to Earth to gather the believers in Christ to Him.



	
  * We believe in the Afterlife - in Heaven and in Hell.



	
  * We believe that Jesus Christ will rule the Earth once more, and the Evil One will be vanquished.



	
  * We believe God will create a new Heaven and a new Earth and that His Children will rule with Him.





I'd really like to see us grow this community over the next months. And with your support we can do something really meaningful for God right here on the often God-forsaken internet.

Timo
