---
date: '2006-04-22 11:39:02'
layout: post
slug: the-story
status: publish
title: The Story
wordpress_id: '8'
tags:
- Randomness
---

A friend of mine emailed this to me last night. I thought it was well worth putting it up here! Check his DeviantArt site: [http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/32554149/](DeviantArt)
Early one morning, a man stood on the kerb, in the pouring rain, looking up at the black sky.  "God, where are you?  If you're real, prove yourself."  In desperation he reached for an answer from the clouds.  The tears ran down his face as He stood in that seemingly God-forsaken town.  He spoke out again, "Where's your power?  You've never shown Yourself.  If you're there, why don't you do something?"  As the rain continued to pour, the man's head was filled with thoughts of the last few days.  His childhood sweetheart, he watched die at the hands of a gunman - his children followed her to the grave.  With no mercy the masked killer had shaken the foundations of his very being, and brought his whole world tumbling down.

Desperate, he screamed at the heavens - but it effected no reply.  As dawn broke, the man felt a hand on his shoulder.  He looked around to see a stranger - a tall, thin, kindly old gentleman stood with a smile on his face.  "Can't you leave a grieving man alone?  I just want to be alone."  "You don't want to be alone," said the stranger "all you want is to know the answers.  In God you will find the answers."  "Get lost, old man.  And take your sermon with you."

As the hand was removed from his shoulder, the man looked up to see the sunrise.  The rain stopped, and the sky turned into an arena of light.  From within him, he heard a small voice.  "The sun rises this morning - for you."  The man fell to his knees in tears, understanding love as never before.  All Heaven was silent as this bent-over, broken man laid himself in the hands of the Potter.  "God, I need you."

God reached down, and took the man's sin and his anxieties and put them upon Himself.  "Your sorrows, I have traded for My Joy.  Your worries, I have traded for My Peace.  Your sin, I have traded for My Righteousness.  My grace is sufficient.  I have done it all."

As the man turned around, he saw the kindly stranger standing there, looking at him.  Before the man could open his mouth, the stranger spoke.  "You have found The Answer.  There is no question too difficult, there is no problem too vast, there is no sin too disgraceful.  Just lay it in His hands and His peace will be yours."
